Hi Shashank, below is one of the recent interview exp for #flipkart machine counding  round by @Sarabjeet Singh .

Machine Coding round:

Implement a sales management system that allows one to track the sales at various levels in an organization.

Here, we have a company that sells snacks - food items and beverages at retail outlets. These outlets are all over India.

We want to have a system that tracks sales details at following levels
Store
City
State
All India

As an example, stores sell following items
Food items
Sandwich
Poha
Burger
Beverages
Tea
Coffee
Bottled water

This system mainly tracks following:
Stock left at a particular store
Number of units sold at a given store

The system should also -
Handle addition of inventory for various items in stores
Handle addition of new items and stores

Please do not focus on persistence layer i.e. data store. Use in-memory store for now. Use file system if you prefer that. Do not use any database or NoSQL store.

It is absolutely OK to hardcode initial inventories

Please make sure that you have a working code at the end of the session.

Questions that the system needs to answer are as given below. Please add test cases for those.
How much are the daily sales at a particular store, in a city, state and all over
What are the monthly sales for Coffee at store, in city, state and all over
How much is the stock left at a particular store at any given point in time
Which state is highest in beverage consumption in monthly category
Which cities currently have a shortage of snacks

Expectations:
Make sure that you can execute your code and show that it is in working state
Make sure that code functionally correct
Work on the expected output first and then add good-to-have features of your own
Edge cases are covered
Exceptions are raised and handled appropriately
Code is readable
Separation of concern is addressed
Code can easily accommodate changing requirements with minimal changes
Clear separation of Interface and Implementation
Code should be easily testable
Proper naming conventions are followed
It will be a plus if the system is generic enough to handle things apart from snacks items

Show less
2:46 PM

Make sure you complete all the mandatory requirements, I got rejected because I wasn't able to complete everything in time
